TW 468 Add ACH payments information (#4016)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/administration/billing.md

Postman offers various payment options dependent on your plan type.

### Managing payment methods

In your [billing dashboard](http://go.postman.co/billing), select **Plan and payments** on the left, then **Payment methods**.

> You can pay by credit card or [via ACH](#setting-up-ach-payments) from a verified bank account.

Reviewer: bank direct debit - ACH

To add a new payment method, select **Add Payment Method**.

To remove a payment method, hover over the payment method in question and select **Delete Payment Method**.

To set a payment method as your primary, hover over it and select **Set as Primary**.

<img alt="Payment methods view" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/payment-methods-page.jpg" />

#### Setting up ACH payments

Postman accepts ACH direct debit payments, which take payment funds directly from a linked bank account. You need to verify your bank account before Postman can process payment.

To use ACH as your payment method:

1. Select **Add payment method**, then select **ACH**.
1. Enter your email, your name, and either enter or search for your bank name.

> 1. Enter your bank account number and its routing number.

Reviewer: We can split the 2 methods of verification here.
1. There is instant verification(recommended), where email, name and bank name can be searched/entered.
2. For any reasons, manual verification is preferred, they can go through a slightly longer verification process.

> 1. To verify your account immediately, select **Verify your bank account manually**. Otherwise, you will verify your bank account later.

Reviewer: To verify the account immediately, we go through the default flow. 
The manual process is where micro deposits are made and the user has to return and enter the code from their bank transactions.

1. Select **Add account**.

Stripe, the payment service that Postman uses, will make a small test deposit into your bank account that you will use to verify your bank account. To verify your bank account:

> 1. In the Postman billing dashboard, select **Plans and payments**, then select **Verify**.

Reviewer: Billing dashboard -> plans and payments -> payment methods -> Verify(hovered on the bank line item)

1. Under **Enter code**, paste the six-digit code from your bank account.
1. Select **Verify**.

> If you do not verify your account within ten days, Postman will delete your bank account information. If you want to add ACH direct debit payment later, you will need to re-enter your bank account information.

After your bank account is verified, Postman will send you a confirmation email. It can take up to four days to withdraw funds from your bank account via ACH.

> 

Reviewer: In case of a dispute, we can encourage users to reach out to support. If they raise a dispute, they will have to reverify their account as the mandate stands cancelled and subsequent payments will fail.

In case of a payment failure, they will receive an email and the billing overview page will display the type of error, insufficient funds/bank not authorized/declined payments which will help them fix the issue.

Author: Thanks @Kalpana-Postman! I added a new section with this info here: https://github.com/postmanlabs/postman-docs/pull/4016/files#diff-9ee2d0f7953ca1ec29d87f9414a12db76fdf3ababb3ddd517a85235e6314503cR168-R171

Reviewer: Thanks Heather. Looks like we have covered everything.

Postman offers various payment options dependent on your plan type.

### Managing payment methods

In your [billing dashboard](http://go.postman.co/billing), select **Plan and payments** on the left, then **Payment methods**.

You can pay by credit card or by [direct debit](#setting-up-direct-debit-payments) from a verified bank account.

To add a new payment method, select **Add Payment Method**.

To remove a payment method, hover over the payment method in question and select **Delete Payment Method**.

To set a payment method as your primary, hover over it and select **Set as Primary**.

<img alt="Payment methods view" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/payment-methods-page.jpg" />

#### Setting up direct debit payments

> The direct debit payment option is only available for customers in the United States.

Postman accepts direct debit payments, in which payment funds are taken directly from a linked bank account via ACH.

To use direct debit as your payment method:

> 1. Select **Add payment method**, then select **ACH**.

Reviewer: ACH will be changed to Bank direct debit in the app pages. Sorry for the design changes.

Author: Thanks! Updated in [c2638de](https://github.com/postmanlabs/postman-docs/pull/4016/commits/c2638de4b58c9c0548a471fc63060e8a8625fd9e)

1. Enter your email, your name, and either enter or search for your bank name.

    > This process will verify your bank account immediately. If you want to use a manual verification process instead, see [Verifying your bank account manually](#verifying-your-bank-account-manually).

1. To accept the Terms and Privacy Policy,  select **Agree**. You can select **Learn more** to view the whole policy.
1. Stripe, the payment service Postman uses, will open a new window where you can log into your bank account. Select **Continue**.
1. Select the account you want to use, then select **Link account**. After Stripe verifies the account, select **Done**. Stripe will return you to the Postman billing dashboard.
1. Select **Add account**.

After your bank account is verified, Postman will send you a confirmation email. It can take up to four days to withdraw funds from your bank account using direct debit.

##### Verifying your bank account manually

You can choose to verify your bank account manually instead of using the automatic process documented in [Setting up direct debit payments](#setting-up-direct-debit-payments). This manual process may take up to two days.

> 1. Select **Add payment method**, then select **ACH**.

Reviewer: Same change here. ACH to Bank direct debit

Author: Thanks! Updated in [c2638de](https://github.com/postmanlabs/postman-docs/pull/4016/commits/c2638de4b58c9c0548a471fc63060e8a8625fd9e)

1. Enter your email and your name, then select **Verify your bank account manually**.
1. Enter your routing number and bank account number. Confirm your account number, then select **Continue**.

> In 1-2 business days, Stripe will make a small test deposit into your bank account that you will use to verify your bank account and will email you with further instructions. To verify your account:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In one to two business days, Stripe will make a small test deposit into your bank account that you will use to verify your bank account and will email you with further instructions. To verify your account:
```

1. After you see the test deposit in your bank account, go back to the Postman billing dashboard. Select **Plans and payments** > **Payment methods**.
1. Hover over the bank account and select **Verify**.
1. Under **Enter code**, paste the six digit transaction code from the test deposit. Select **Verify**.
1. Select **Confirm** to accept the Terms and Privacy Policy.

> If you do not verify your account within ten days, Postman will delete your bank account information. If you want to add a direct debit payment method later, you will need to re-enter your bank account information.

After your bank account is verified, Postman will send you a confirmation email. It can take up to four days to withdraw funds from your bank account using direct debit.

##### Troubleshooting direct debit payments

> * **Direct debit payment failures.** In the event of a direct debit payment failure, Postman will email you with information about how to fix the issue. The billing dashboard will also contain this information.

Reviewer 2: Should these have dashes between them since they are definitions?
Also, should there be no periods at the end?

Author: > Should these have dashes between them since they are definitions?

They should now, according to the new rules! I'll update.
